Alright everyone, let's get started. Today we're going to discuss the Q1 roadmap and the Enrollment API migration.
Thanks Sarah. So the main question is whether we can maintain backward compatibility through Q1 while we roll out v2.
I've looked at the downstream consumers. We have about 15 active integrations. I think we need at least 8 weeks notice.
Let's decide to keep v1 available through end of Q1. Marcus, can you audit all the downstream consumers by next Friday?
Sure, I can do that. I'll also check with the mobile team about their migration timeline.
Great. I'll draft the deprecation timeline by January 20th. We should prioritize mobile clients for v2 support.
Agreed. Let's also use feature flags for the gradual rollout. I'll schedule a partner communication sync for next week.
One more thing - should we consider the Project Alpha integration? They're our biggest API consumer.
Good point. Patrick, can you reach out to the Project Alpha team directly?
Will do. I'll set up a call with Jordan from their team this week.